I am a wrapper for the matplotlib.pyplot.pie function.

From the doc, I can be configured with:
- x : array-like

The input array used to make the pie chart.

- explode : array-like, optional, default: None

If not None, is a len(x) array which specifies the fraction of the radius with which to offset each wedge.

- labels : list, optional, default: None

A sequence of strings providing the labels for each wedge

- colors : array-like, optional, default: None

A sequence of matplotlib color args through which the pie chart will cycle. If None, will use the colors in the currently active cycle.

- autopct : None (default), string, or function, optional

If not None, is a string or function used to label the wedges with their numeric value. The label will be placed inside the wedge. If it is a format string, the label will be fmt%pct. If it is a function, it will be called.

- pctdistance : float, optional, default: 0.6

The ratio between the center of each pie slice and the start of the text generated by autopct. Ignored if autopct is None.

- shadow : bool, optional, default: False

Draw a shadow beneath the pie.

- labeldistance : float, optional, default: 1.1

The radial distance at which the pie labels are drawn

- startangle : float, optional, default: None

If not None, rotates the start of the pie chart by angle degrees counterclockwise from the x-axis.

- radius : float, optional, default: None

The radius of the pie, if radius is None it will be set to 1.

- counterclock : bool, optional, default: True

Specify fractions direction, clockwise or counterclockwise.

- wedgeprops : dict, optional, default: None

Dict of arguments passed to the wedge objects making the pie. For example, you can pass in``wedgeprops = {‘linewidth’: 3}`` to set the width of the wedge border lines equal to 3. For more details, look at the doc/arguments of the wedge object. By default clip_on=False.

- textprops : dict, optional, default: None

Dict of arguments to pass to the text objects.

- center : list of float, optional, default: (0, 0)

Center position of the chart. Takes value (0, 0) or is a sequence of 2 scalars.

- frame : bool, optional, default: False

Plot axes frame with the chart if true.